AMLFS Clients: drop ubuntu 18/rhel7 support (#3366)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-managed-lustre/client-install.md

::: zone pivot="rhel-7"

> [!WARNING]

> > We will no longer be publishing any more new AMLFS client packages for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 moving forward. Please migrated to one of the supported release to run newer versions of the AMLFS client packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We're no longer publishing new client packages for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7. Please migrate to one of the supported releases to run newer versions of the Azure Managed Lustre client packages.
```

Reviewer: Minor fixes.

> > [!CAUTION]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
```

> > Ubuntu 18.04 LTS reached the end of Standard Support on May 31, 2023. Microsoft recommends either migrating to the next Ubuntu LTS release or upgrading to Ubuntu Pro to gain access to extended security and maintenance from Canonical. For more information, see the [announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/linux-and-open-source-blog/canonical-ubuntu-18-04-lts-reaching-end-of-standard-support/ba-p/3822623).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We're no longer publishing new client packages for Ubuntu 18.04. Please migrate to one of the supported releases to run newer versions of the Azure Managed Lustre client packages. 
>
> Ubuntu 18.04 LTS reached the end of Standard Support on May 31, 2023. Microsoft recommends either migrating to the next Ubuntu LTS release or upgrading to Ubuntu Pro to gain access to extended security and maintenance from Canonical. For more information, see the [announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/linux-and-open-source-blog/canonical-ubuntu-18-04-lts-reaching-end-of-standard-support/ba-p/3822623).
```

Reviewer: Let's combine these two sections into a single warning note.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > We will no longer be publishing any more new AMLFS client packages for Ubuntu 18.04 moving forward. Please migrated to one of the supported release to run newer versions of the AMLFS client packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
